Well, hopefully your separation is done on honorable terms. Now, assuming
that you don't get discharged for, you know, like some kind of violation,
then there to pass that you can go either. You separate completely.
Um, yes, but let's say you do four years. You still have four
more years to do your entire service. But those last four years,
a kind of invisible. They just want you to be around in case there's
a war or something like that. But for the most part, if you finish
your active duty tour, uh, you still have a role to play in the Navy
because you'll always be a veteran until the day that you die. So
you take that on, you have to make sure that you always, um, upstanding.
You don't wanna be involved in crime. You don't wanna be, uh, you
don't wanna do anything that's gonna cause disgrace on the Navy,
because you could be like 73 years old. If you do something wrong, guess
what's going to be on that report. They're going to say he was
a prior military servicemen or she was a prior military servicemen.
And you don't want to cause that disgrace. So, um, you get out and just
make sure that you maintain that military bearing from that point
on, Otherwise you could be like me. I'm in the Navy reserves and I
still continue that Navy tradition just in a minimized capacity. I
still go on. I still put things uniform. I still, um, serve on some
kind of ship or some kind of shipyard every year, um, in a fully naval
capacity. But otherwise I just take advantage of my educational benefits,
and I still make sure that I'm always have that military mindset
with everything that I do.